Hello this is joseph and I am running a test
Hello
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Train your mind to see the good in everything.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
Enjoy :) 
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
GREAT ADVICE 
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
To be old &; wise, you must first have to be young &; stupid.
Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
Things that you enjoy are never a waste of time, everything else is suspect. 
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. - Audrey Hepburn
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. -Levi Strauss
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
Fear not. 
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
You can be comfortable or courageous, but you cannot be both.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
God has a blessing with your name on it.
:) 
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Don't brag about yourself let others praise you. -Proverbs 27:2
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. -Connie Stevens
Pray as if it's up to God, work as if it's up to you.
Count your blessings.
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
I'd rather have a life of 'OH WELLS' than a life of 'WHAT IFS.'
Today, be the reason someone feels loved.
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
God can turn around any situation.
Great advice!!!! 
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long. - Hayley Williams
Don't ever let anyone steal your dreams.
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
You are beautiful. 
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
The days you are most uncomfortable are the days you learn the most about yourself. - Mary L. Bean
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
LOL 
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Beauty is about living your life &; being happy with yourself inside &; out &; not worrying about what people think of you.
It's okay to cry. Just keep going.
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself.
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
So True… 
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
I love you not because I need you, I need you because I love you
Don't jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw. -Proverbs 25:8
Very very true. 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
Be a blessing to someone today - Proverbs 11:25
FORTUNE FAVORS THE BOLD 
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &; hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Tell someone they matter.
Color outside the lines. 
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
True. 
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Gratitude: recognize the good in your life.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Better to remain silent &; be thought a fool that to speak &; remove all doubt. -English proverbs
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
Ignore the fear and push on. 
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
True!! 
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
You can't change what's going on around you until you start changing what's going on within you. 
You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. -R Pausch
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
God's plans for your life exceed the circumstances of your day.
May you always do what you are afraid to do.
Be thankful for where you are. 
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. - John D. Rockefeller
Love, there is nothing stronger. 
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &; go for it.
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do. 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
We are all lying in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Very true. 
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
It is better to look ahead &; prepare than to look back &; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Give more, expect less.
We either win or we learn. 
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
true. 
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. #truth
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
We all have difficult days, have faith. 
If a man does his best, what else is there? -George Patton
Love is a verb.
Love &; kindness move mountains.
Very true. 
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want. - Richard D. Rosen
So true. 
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
You were born to make an impact.
If you can't do great big things, do great little things.
We all need love. 
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
It's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
:) 
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
Grace meets us where we are, but doesn't leave us where we are found.
Don't dream your life, live your dreams. 
I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then. - Lewis Carroll
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
Truth is not diminished by the number of people who believe it.
Be brave 
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
Be who you are. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Churchill
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Samuel Goldwyn
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
Great thought. 
Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.
Love this!!! 
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things.
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
You will never regret the times when put others before yourself. 
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Always have hope. 
The less you know, the more you believe. -Bono
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in?
I love this thought. 
Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.
I BELIEVE THAT HAPPY GIRLS ARE THE PRETTIEST GIRLS. -Audrey Hepburn
Keep smiling :) 
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John Wooden
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - George Patton
Hold your head up high. 
Successful people know the difference between patience &; procrastination.
Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
You've got this!! 
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Use your eyes to see the needs, and use your talents to meet them.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Time changes everything. 
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
If u really want something, &; really work hard, &; take advantage of opportunities, &; never give up, u will find a way. -Jane Goodall
Live more, complain less.
More smiles, less stress.
Less hate, more blessed.
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life..
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
Giving up doesn't always mean you're weak. Sometimes it means you are strong and smart enough to let go and move on.
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
Be strong :) 
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. - Margaret Thatcher
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
me too :) 
Isn't it ironic:
- We ignore the ones that adore us
- Adore the ones who ignore us
- Love the ones who hurt us
- Hurt the ones that love us
Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
What will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
Love takes action.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
Our live are full of moments. Enjoy them. 
When you talk, you are repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
Love is vulnerable.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Love like there's no tomorrow, and if tomorrow comes, love again.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
Words to live by. 
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Live is to short to take it seriously. 
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives.
There is beauty in simplicity.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
Even if it's difficult keep moving forward. 
Being rejected from something good just means you were being pointed toward something better.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. -Eleanor Roosevelt
So important 
A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
Remember this. 
Stars can't shine without darkness.
You are made to make a difference, so embrace every opportunity to do so.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Have faith! 
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being. -John Wooden
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
Never let go of your dreams. 
5 rules of a relationship:
1. Stay faithful.
2. Make them feel wanted.
3. Respect your partner.
4. Don't flirt with others.
5. Make time.
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
If you can't be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you've escaped.
Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.
Great advice. 
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. - Rob Gilbert
Great advice. 
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Choose positivity today.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Perfection is not of the world. Do your best and forget the rest. 
Drink water from your own well - share your love only with your wife. -Proverbs 5:15
✔ Alive
✔ Blessed
✔ Grateful
TRUE. 
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Twinkle Twinkle. 
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
Truth above all else. 
Care less, smile more.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
No one has ever become poor by giving.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
Why try and be fake when being real takes less effort?
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
Look for the good in each day. 
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. - Julius Erving
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
Be beautiful. 
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis. -Margaret Bonnano
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
Today is another chance to get it right.
What you do matters, but why you do it matters so much more.
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
Give up, give in, or give it all you got.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7
If you can be anything, BE KIND. 
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
The best advice I've ever heard. 
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator. - Yogi Berra
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
What you will allow is what will continue.
Finish each day &; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
I choose to be happy today. 
Only two ways to live life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
Count your blessings, not your problems.
We all fall, pick yourself up and start a new. 
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
Live in the moment. Forget the past and don't concern yourself with the future.
True!! 
Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of. -Geri Weitzman
Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray.
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.
Prayer in action is love, and love in action is service.
Don't count the days, make the days count. -Muhammad Ali
Live bold. 
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
At this very moment, life is perfect.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet
So true. 
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
Being defeated is often a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Very true. 
When you say yes to others, make sure you are not saying no to yourself.
Create a life that feels good on the inside, not one that just looks good on the outside.
If the whole world was blind, how many people would you impress?
If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
Do it with passion or not at all. 
Love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
Leadership is not about titles, positions or flow charts; it is about one life influencing another.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot
Live your life with no regret. 
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
Stop cursing the darkness and light some candles.
Let love win.
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end. 
Follow your hopes and not your fears.
Don't think outside the box. Think like there is no box
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &; the wisdom to know the difference.
Don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
All dreams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless. -Robert Dieffenbach
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
Yes there is!! 
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Those who follow the crowd usually get lost in it.
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don't give up.
Learn from it. 
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown
A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
True.. 
Those that talk down to you are just trying to walk tall by making u feel small. Rise above
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
Love this! 
Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taught if they stayed.
If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can't buy.
Sending… :) 
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
It's not about having the skill to do something. It's about having the will, desire &; commitment to be your best. -Robert Hernandez
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Once the game is over, the king &; the pawn go back in the same box. -Italian Proverb
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Choose happiness. 
The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
We all do :) 
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
God loves you more in a moment than anyone could in a lifetime.
You truly are :) 
It's not enough to be compassionate, you must act.
Laughter &; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &; Love as much as you breathe!
There is nothing better :) 
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King
Love is always a demonstration - not just a set of words or a feeling.
Your passion is priceless. Never stop the pursuit. 
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. -Unknown
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Start with yourself ;)

Get this tee here --&gt; 
Remind yourself, it's OK not to be perfect. 
Don't hate what you don't understand.
People of accomplishment rarely sat back &; let things happen to them. They went out &; happened to things.  Leonardo Da Vinci
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
Have faith, something great is waiting for you on the other side of FEAR. 
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.
Choose to look on the bright side.
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
You are blessed. 
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Love this thought. 
Happiness makes you smile; sorrow can crush you. - Proverbs 15:13
Sometimes God doesn't change your situation because He's trying to change your heart.
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Effort doesn't matter if love is left behind.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. - Lou Holtz
Nothing is impossible. 
My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
Do more for the world than it does for you.
You are! 
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. -Vincent Van Gogh
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. -Proverbs 4:23
Faith in God includes faith in His timing.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Keep looking UP :) 
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed.
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
A word of encouragement after failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
Keep dreaming. 
Treat people like mirrors &; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Thank you Robin. 
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Love without limits.
So true. 
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &; actions
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm &; constant. -Socrates
Have faith. 
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Love the unloved.
Don't forget to smile. 
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me. Have faith in God. - Mark 11:22
There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
When we put God first, all other things fall into place. 
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them.
Change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Have faith the good is just around the corner. 
You don't need a reason to help people.
Stop running to those who ignore you and start running to those who adore you. - Joseph Simmons
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
Great advice. 
Live every day as if it's your last, embracing each experience as if it's your first.
Even when you're afraid, keep trusting. -Psalm 56:3
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
See the good in every moment. 
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.
The real measure of our wealth is how much we'd be worth if we lost all our money. -Jowett
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful. -David Rast
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
Danger 4 most of us lies not in setting our aim too high &; falling short; but in setting our aim 2 low &;achieving our mark. -Michaelangelo
Money is the wealthy man's curtain which hides all his defects from the world.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Life is about laughing &; living in good &; bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way &; looking back with a smile.
Make it a good one. 
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Love conquers all.
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Be yourself, everyone else is taken. 
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
You deserve a vacation :) 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions. #foodforthought
What worries you masters you.
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
Do small things with great love.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
One of my favorite quotes. 
Anything you truly want must be worth fighting for.
Great things never came from comfort zones.
Be a voice, not an echo.
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
Great advice. 
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
You deserve it :) 
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
The best pieces of advice. 
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
The only person you should strive to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.
Live your life and forget your age.
Laughter is the sound of the soul dancing. 
Hope anchors the soul.
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
One of my favorites. 
Do what is right, not what is easy.
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
The best time to start was yesterday. The next best time is now. 
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair. 
You are good enough.
Be strong 
For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
There is nothing more powerful then someone who has faith and a mission. 
Your struggle is part of your story.
Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.
Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile.
Laugh on. 
Know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent. - Mark Crow
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Albright
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. -Abraham Maslow
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. -Tom Hanks
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be a part of.
Love this thought. 
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Nothing looks better on you. 
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
A Mother's LOVE is WHOLE, no matter how many times DIVIDED...
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. 
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
By leaving behind ur old self &; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
Go after your dreams. 
You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
I agree! 
You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
Know this above all else, God hears and answers every one of your prayers.
Giving is a lifestyle.
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. -Shania Twain
You become like the 5 people you spend most of your time with. #choosewisely
So true!!! 
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.
Be you :) 
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
A timeless expression, the knot bracelet signifies two people have become one, bound together by their love.

Get this bracelet here --&gt; 
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
You really do :) 
Give love away like your life depends on it.
Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. -Betty Smith
Life is better when your laughing 
What lies behind us &; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Our experiences shape us.  Appreciate them, for you wouldn't be the person you are without them. 
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living w/ regrets.
Be positive, patient and persistent.
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won.
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
God's plan is bigger than your mistakes.
Keep moving. 
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
You'll never find the RIGHT person if you never let go of the WRONG one.
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
Be true to yourself, because there are only a few people that will stay true to you,
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
You are where you're supposed to be at this very moment. Every experience is part of God's divine plan.
:) 
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Good instincts tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
You are loved.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan for you.
Pick wisely. 
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
A TRUE friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas over &; over again.
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. -Lou Holtz
Pain is real. But so is hope.
Remember this. 
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel
When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
Everyday. 
Once you've accepted your flaws no one can use them against you.
I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
Great point :) 
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Very True. 
Everything God says is true &; it's a shield for all who come to him for safety. -Proverbs 30:5
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
It's better to give then receive. 
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. -Mark Twain
Talking to your BEST FRIEND is sometimes all the therapy you need...
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
Be courageous 
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Be PROUD of who you are, and everything you've overcome. 
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Great thing to remember. 
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann von Goethe
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
Bitterness is like drinking poison &; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
Love this thought. 
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Never let your fear decide your future.
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
Give it your all. 
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. -Hugh Downs
Action expresses priorities.
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
Thank you Lord! 
Love fearlessly.
If you can be anything, BE KIND. 
Live a life you are proud of.
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
People will forget what U said, people will forget what U did, but people will never forget how U made them feel -Maya Angelou
Have faith and carry on. 
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
So true, everyone should be reminded of this. 
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. -Max De Pree
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Don't give up. 
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Live in the moment. 
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. -Betty Bender
Where God guides He provides.
No matter how tough life gets, never give up! 
Without Dreams
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. -Winnie the Pooh
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
If you want something different You Gotta do something different. - Nathaniel Williams
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Enjoy :) 
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting.
Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
Choose a good one. 
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
Tell the truth or someone will tell it for you. - Stephanie Klein
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
Ask yourself what is really important and then have the courage to build your life around your answer.
It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. 
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. -Muhammad Ali
Fear not. 
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle. - Elizabeth David
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
:) 
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Lord, lead me so I can lead others.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Great point 
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
Everyone Dies. But not everyone really lives.
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, &; You are the music -unknown
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #gratitude
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. -Swedish Proverb
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
Do everything in love.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
You are beautiful. 
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
We could never learn to be brave &; patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller
Have faith and push on. 
Never give up on a dream because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Worrying will never change the outcome.
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
LOL 
Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Better late then never. 
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of your heart. - Mort Walker
So True… 
Whether you think you're ready or not, just start right now.  There is magic in action
Pray more, worry less.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
So true. 
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. -Henry Ford
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
It's never to late to start again 
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &; remind yourself that we are all loved &; connected.
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
FORTUNE FAVORS THE BOLD 
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
I am in charge of how I feel and TODAY I am choosing HAPPINESS.
A daughter is one of the most BEAUTIFUL gifts this world has to give. -Laurel Atherton
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Be strong &; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
Train your mind to see the good in everything.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
True. 
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
In all your ways acknowledge him, &; he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
Ignore the fear and push on. 
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
To be old &; wise, you must first have to be young &; stupid.
Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go.
True!! 
Make your life a story worth telling!

Get this tee here --&gt; 
If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
3 Great pieces of advice. 
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. -Levi Strauss
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
Be thankful for where you are. 
You can be comfortable or courageous, but you cannot be both.
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
God has a blessing with your name on it.
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
Don't brag about yourself let others praise you. -Proverbs 27:2
Count your blessings and give thanks to the Lord God.
The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth.
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. -Connie Stevens
Pray as if it's up to God, work as if it's up to you.
Count your blessings.
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
I'd rather have a life of 'OH WELLS' than a life of 'WHAT IFS.'
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
Today, be the reason someone feels loved.
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
God can turn around any situation.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
true. 
Don't ever let anyone steal your dreams.
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
We all have difficult days, have faith. 
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
So true. 
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
The days you are most uncomfortable are the days you learn the most about yourself. - Mary L. Bean
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
We all need love. 
Beauty is about living your life &; being happy with yourself inside &; out &; not worrying about what people think of you.
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
It's okay to cry. Just keep going.
:) 
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Don't dream your life, live your dreams. 
I love you not because I need you, I need you because I love you
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
Don't jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw. -Proverbs 25:8
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
Be a blessing to someone today - Proverbs 11:25
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
Be brave 
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &; hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Tell someone they matter.
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
Be who you are. 
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott
Great thought. 
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Gratitude: recognize the good in your life.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Love this!!! 
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball
You will never regret the times when put others before yourself. 
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Always have hope. 
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
This is my new favorite quote. 
But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you. -Psalm 56:3
I love this thought. 
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. -R Pausch
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
God's plans for your life exceed the circumstances of your day.
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
May you always do what you are afraid to do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
Hold your head up high. 
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. - John D. Rockefeller
Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &; go for it.
You've got this!! 
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -Martin Luther King Jr.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
We are all lying in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
It is better to look ahead &; prepare than to look back &; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Give more, expect less.
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -Michael Jordan
Don't take life to seriously :) 
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
Be strong :) 
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
If a man does his best, what else is there? -George Patton
me too :) 
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you. #commitment
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
Our live are full of moments. Enjoy them. 
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
Great advice. 
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
Words to live by. 
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then. - Lewis Carroll
Live is to short to take it seriously. 
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
Amen! 
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
Truth is not diminished by the number of people who believe it.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
So important 
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Churchill
Remember this. 
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Samuel Goldwyn
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
Have faith! 
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.
Never let go of your dreams. 
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things.
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.
The less you know, the more you believe. -Bono
Perfection is not of the world. Do your best and forget the rest. 
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -Paul Brown
TRUE. 
If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in?
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Twinkle Twinkle. 
Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
Truth above all else. 
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John Wooden
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - George Patton
Successful people know the difference between patience &; procrastination.
Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Use your eyes to see the needs, and use your talents to meet them.
Look for the good in each day. 
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
Be beautiful. 
If u really want something, &; really work hard, &; take advantage of opportunities, &; never give up, u will find a way. -Jane Goodall
Stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will".
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
Live more, complain less.
More smiles, less stress.
Less hate, more blessed.
Imagine the possibilities. 
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life..
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
Giving up doesn't always mean you're weak. Sometimes it means you are strong and smart enough to let go and move on.
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
Love this thought. 
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. - Margaret Thatcher
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
The best advice I've ever heard. 
Isn't it ironic:
- We ignore the ones that adore us
- Adore the ones who ignore us
- Love the ones who hurt us
- Hurt the ones that love us
Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
What will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
Love takes action.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
When you talk, you are repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
I choose to be happy today. 
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Love is vulnerable.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
"So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself." -Matthew 6:34
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
We all fall, pick yourself up and start a new. 
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Excellent thought. 
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
After a storm always comes the calm. 
There is beauty in simplicity.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
True!! 
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, announces she never did care for pie. - Tenneva Jordan
As long as you can laugh at yourself you will never cease to be amused.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Have faith, relax, and give it your best. 
Being rejected from something good just means you were being pointed toward something better.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Always be kinder than you feel.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Stars can't shine without darkness.
I choose to be happy today. 
You are made to make a difference, so embrace every opportunity to do so.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
So true. 
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. -John Lennon
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
5 rules of a relationship:
1. Stay faithful.
2. Make them feel wanted.
3. Respect your partner.
4. Don't flirt with others.
5. Make time.
Very true. 
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.
Do it with passion or not at all. 
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. - Rob Gilbert
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Choose positivity today.
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Drink water from your own well - share your love only with your wife. -Proverbs 5:15
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
✔ Alive
✔ Blessed
✔ Grateful
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
Enjoy the journey. 
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Great advice!!! 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart &; lean not on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
You become what you believe.
Care less, smile more.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Yes there is!! 
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
No one has ever become poor by giving.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. - Julius Erving
Hope is the only thing stronger then fear. 
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary. - Aaron Rose
God only gives three answers to prayer:
1. Yes!
2. Not yet.
3. I have something better in mind.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis. -Margaret Bonnano
Learn from it. 
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
True.. 
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason.
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
Today is another chance to get it right.
What you do matters, but why you do it matters so much more.
Love this! 
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
We plan the way we want to live, but only God makes us able to live it. It Pays to Take Life Seriously -Proverbs 16:9
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator. - Yogi Berra
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
What you will allow is what will continue.
Very True. 
Finish each day &; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
Very true. 
Only two ways to live life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Choose happiness. 
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
We all do :) 
We all at certain times in our lives find ourselves broken. True strength is found in picking up the pieces.
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
So true. 
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
You truly are :) 
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
Live in the moment. Forget the past and don't concern yourself with the future.
Give people a piece of your heart rather than your mind.
There is nothing better :) 
Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.
Prayer in action is love, and love in action is service.
Don't count the days, make the days count. -Muhammad Ali
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.
The best &; most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart. -Helen Keller
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
You are blessed. 
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
When you say yes to others, make sure you are not saying no to yourself.
Create a life that feels good on the inside, not one that just looks good on the outside.
If the whole world was blind, how many people would you impress?
If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
Good things are right around the corner. 
Love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
That would be a great trick :) 
Stop cursing the darkness and light some candles.
Let love win.
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
Someone is praying for the things you take for granted.
Nothing is impossible. 
Follow your hopes and not your fears.
Don't think outside the box. Think like there is no box
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &; the wisdom to know the difference.
You are! 
Don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
All dreams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless. -Robert Dieffenbach
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
Keep looking UP :) 
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Those who follow the crowd usually get lost in it.
Keep dreaming. 
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don't give up.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &; a future. -Jer 29:11
Thank you Robin. 
You never lose by loving. You only lose by holding back.
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown
A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
So true. 
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
Have faith. 
Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taught if they stayed.
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
Don't forget to smile. 
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
LOL 
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
It's not about having the skill to do something. It's about having the will, desire &; commitment to be your best. -Robert Hernandez
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Once the game is over, the king &; the pawn go back in the same box. -Italian Proverb
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
Love him who least deserves it.
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
See the good in every moment. 
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
It's not enough to be compassionate, you must act.
Laughter &; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &; Love as much as you breathe!
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
forgive others not because they deserve it but because you deserve peace. 
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King
Love is always a demonstration - not just a set of words or a feeling.
Make it a good one. 
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. -Unknown
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Don't hate what you don't understand.
Be yourself, everyone else is taken. 
Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
People of accomplishment rarely sat back &; let things happen to them. They went out &; happened to things.  Leonardo Da Vinci
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
You deserve a vacation :) 
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.
Choose to look on the bright side.
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
Can you relate? 
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Happiness makes you smile; sorrow can crush you. - Proverbs 15:13
Great thought 
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
Sometimes God doesn't change your situation because He's trying to change your heart.
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
Success is not permanent &; failure is not fatal. -Mike Ditka
One of my favorite quotes. 
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Effort doesn't matter if love is left behind.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
Do more for the world than it does for you.
You deserve it :) 
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
Every saint has a past.
Every sinner has a future.
The best pieces of advice. 
We rise by lifting others. 
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
Laughter is the sound of the soul dancing. 
A word of encouragement after failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Treat people like mirrors &; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
One of my favorites. 
The best time to start was yesterday. The next best time is now. 
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Love without limits.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &; actions
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm &; constant. -Socrates
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
Be strong 
You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
Love the unloved.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Laugh on. 
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
Positivity is a choice.
Great movie even better quote. 
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
Have faith and start a new tomorrow. 
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Love this thought. 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
Nothing looks better on you. 
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
I am so lucky.  Do you agree? 
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.
The real measure of our wealth is how much we'd be worth if we lost all our money. -Jowett
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. 
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful. -David Rast
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
Danger 4 most of us lies not in setting our aim too high &; falling short; but in setting our aim 2 low &;achieving our mark. -Michaelangelo
Go after your dreams. 
Money is the wealthy man's curtain which hides all his defects from the world.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Life is about laughing &; living in good &; bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way &; looking back with a smile.
I agree! 
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Love conquers all.
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
Great reminder. 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
So true!!! 
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
Be you :) 
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
Don't be pushed around by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
You really do :) 
Do small things with great love.
Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
Life is better when your laughing 
Great things never came from comfort zones.
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
Our experiences shape us.  Appreciate them, for you wouldn't be the person you are without them. 
Sometimes the thing we can't change end up changing us.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Great relationships aren't built in a day - great relationships are built daily.
Great point. 
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
Stop wishing for it and start working for it.
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
Keep moving. 
The only person you should strive to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.
Live your life and forget your age.
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
:) 
Hope anchors the soul.
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Pick wisely. 
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. - James R. Cook
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
Allow yourself to be a beginner. No one starts off being excellent.
Those who are hardest to love need it the most.
You are good enough.
For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
Your struggle is part of your story.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile.
Know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent. - Mark Crow
It's better to give then receive. 
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement
Be courageous 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Albright
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. -Abraham Maslow
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be a part of.
Looking back, makes you smart. 
Looking forward, makes you mature. 
Looking down, makes you wise. 
Looking UP, makes you strong.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
A Mother's LOVE is WHOLE, no matter how many times DIVIDED...
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
Sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them.
Give it your all. 
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
If you can be anything, BE KIND. 
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
Giving is a lifestyle.
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.
Don't wait for it to happen, go make it happen.
Never lose hope. Never lose faith.
Silence says a lot more than you think.
Do the best you can with what you have.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Don't give up. 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
Smile, even if it's fake. Laugh, even if you hurt. Don't let anyone get to you, you're beautiful regardless of what anyone says to you.
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. -Betty Smith
What lies behind us &; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living w/ regrets.
Enjoy :) 
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won.
God's plan is bigger than your mistakes.
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
You'll never find the RIGHT person if you never let go of the WRONG one.
Things that you enjoy are never a waste of time, everything else is suspect. 
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Good instincts tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
You are loved.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan for you.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. 
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
A TRUE friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas over &; over again.
Pain is real. But so is hope.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel
I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Everything God says is true &; it's a shield for all who come to him for safety. -Proverbs 30:5
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. -Mark Twain
Talking to your BEST FRIEND is sometimes all the therapy you need...
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
Turn your cant's into cans and your dreams into plans.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
You are beautiful. 
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann von Goethe
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Fill your mind with truth, your heart with love, your life with service.
Bitterness is like drinking poison &; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Never let your fear decide your future.
Let your dreams stay big and your worries stay small.
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
Better late then never. 
Action expresses priorities.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. - Helen Keller
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
So True… 
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
Love fearlessly.
Live a life you are proud of.
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
It's never to late to start again 
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. -Betty Bender
We were born to succeed, not to fail. - Henry David Thoreau
Without Dreams
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
We can complain because roses have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and better man.
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
If you want something different You Gotta do something different. - Nathaniel Williams
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting.
TODAY will never come again... Be a blessing. Be a friend. TAKE TIME TO CARE.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
Ignore the fear and push on. 
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
Don't confuse coincidence with the will of God.
It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. -J. Petit Senn
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle. - Elizabeth David
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
Well behaved women seldom make history.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Don't follow your dreams - chase them.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, &; You are the music -unknown
true. 
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. -Swedish Proverb
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
We all have difficult days, have faith. 
Do everything in love.
As a dog goes back to its vomit, so a fool repeats his stupidity. -Proverbs 26:11
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
We could never learn to be brave &; patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller
Don't look back - you're not going that way.
Worrying will never change the outcome.
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &; expect to win.
Whether you think you're ready or not, just start right now.  There is magic in action
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
Very true. 
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
I am in charge of how I feel and TODAY I am choosing HAPPINESS.
Look at your problems as problems &; they'll continue to hold you down. See them as blessings in disguise &; that's what they truly become.
Be who you are. 
A daughter is one of the most BEAUTIFUL gifts this world has to give. -Laurel Atherton
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Train your mind to see the good in everything.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Great thought. 
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
In all your ways acknowledge him, &; he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
You will never regret the times when put others before yourself. 
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
To be old &; wise, you must first have to be young &; stupid.
Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go.
If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa
Always have hope. 
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. -Levi Strauss
I love this thought. 
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
Keep smiling :) 
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
Hold your head up high. 
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
God has a blessing with your name on it.
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
You've got this!! 
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Count your blessings and give thanks to the Lord God.
The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth.
Time changes everything. 
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. -Connie Stevens
Pray as if it's up to God, work as if it's up to you.
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
I'd rather have a life of 'OH WELLS' than a life of 'WHAT IFS.'
Today, be the reason someone feels loved.
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
God can turn around any situation.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long. - Hayley Williams
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Great advice. 
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
The days you are most uncomfortable are the days you learn the most about yourself. - Mary L. Bean
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Beauty is about living your life &; being happy with yourself inside &; out &; not worrying about what people think of you.
It's okay to cry. Just keep going.
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
Words to live by. 
Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself.
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
True bravery is doing what is right even when it's not popular. 
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
Don't jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw. -Proverbs 25:8
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
Be a blessing to someone today - Proverbs 11:25
Even if it's difficult keep moving forward. 
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &; hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
So important 
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
Christmas Eve is sacred, it is something you would want to spend together with the people you love and care about. Let them know how much you appreciate having them in your life. Merry Christmas Eve! 
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Better to remain silent &; be thought a fool that to speak &; remove all doubt. -English proverbs
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Perfection is not of the world. Do your best and forget the rest. 
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
Truth above all else. 
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
May you always do what you are afraid to do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. 
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &; go for it.
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
Look for the good in each day. 
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
We are all lying in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Give more, expect less.
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -Michael Jordan
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. #truth
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
If a man does his best, what else is there? -George Patton
Love &; kindness move mountains.
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want. - Richard D. Rosen
The Highs and Lows ring symbolizes the fact that no matter what ups or downs come our way, God is bigger than it all and His presence remains constant!

Get this ring here --&gt; 
Nothing could be better :) 
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you. #commitment
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
Imagine the possibilities. 
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
We all fall, pick yourself up and start a new. 
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then. - Lewis Carroll
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
After a storm always comes the calm. 
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
Have faith, relax, and give it your best. 
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
Truth is not diminished by the number of people who believe it.
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Churchill
How you make others feel about themselves, says a lot about you.
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Samuel Goldwyn
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.
Very true. 
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Do it with passion or not at all. 
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things.
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
The less you know, the more you believe. -Bono
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -Paul Brown
If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in?
Yes there is!! 
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - George Patton
Successful people know the difference between patience &; procrastination.
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Use your eyes to see the needs, and use your talents to meet them.
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
Learn from it. 
Stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will".
Live more, complain less.
More smiles, less stress.
Less hate, more blessed.
Giving up doesn't always mean you're weak. Sometimes it means you are strong and smart enough to let go and move on.
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Sending… :) 
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. - Margaret Thatcher
Life is like photography - develop from the negatives.
Isn't it ironic:
- We ignore the ones that adore us
- Adore the ones who ignore us
- Love the ones who hurt us
- Hurt the ones that love us
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
Christmas mode is already on! :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Love is vulnerable.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
"So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself." -Matthew 6:34
Love like there's no tomorrow, and if tomorrow comes, love again.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives.
There is beauty in simplicity.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
As long as you can laugh at yourself you will never cease to be amused.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Your passion is priceless. Never stop the pursuit. 
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Always be kinder than you feel.
A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
You'll never leave where you are until you decide where you'd rather be.
Stars can't shine without darkness.
You are made to make a difference, so embrace every opportunity to do so.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being. -John Wooden
You are blessed. 
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
If you can't be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you've escaped.
Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.
Good things are right around the corner. 
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. - Rob Gilbert
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
That would be a great trick :) 
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Drink water from your own well - share your love only with your wife. -Proverbs 5:15
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
Nothing is impossible. 
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
You are! 
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
You become what you believe.
Care less, smile more.
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Keep looking UP :) 
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
No one has ever become poor by giving.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. - Julius Erving
Keep dreaming. 
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary. - Aaron Rose
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis. -Margaret Bonnano
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
What you do matters, but why you do it matters so much more.
Give up, give in, or give it all you got.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7
We plan the way we want to live, but only God makes us able to live it. It Pays to Take Life Seriously -Proverbs 16:9
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator. - Yogi Berra
What you will allow is what will continue.
Finish each day &; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.
Have faith the good is just around the corner. 
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records. -Unknown
We all at certain times in our lives find ourselves broken. True strength is found in picking up the pieces.
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
Go after your dreams. 
Live in the moment. Forget the past and don't concern yourself with the future.
Give people a piece of your heart rather than your mind.
forgive others not because they deserve it but because you deserve peace. 
Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of. -Geri Weitzman
Make it a good one. 
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.
Prayer in action is love, and love in action is service.
Don't count the days, make the days count. -Muhammad Ali
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
At this very moment, life is perfect.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.
The best &; most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart. -Helen Keller
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
Love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
Leadership is not about titles, positions or flow charts; it is about one life influencing another.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
Great advice. 
Stop cursing the darkness and light some candles.
Let love win.
Someone is praying for the things you take for granted.
Judging a person doesn't define who they are, it defines who you are. 
Don't think outside the box. Think like there is no box
Don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
The best pieces of advice. 
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless. -Robert Dieffenbach
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
We rise by lifting others. 
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Laughter is the sound of the soul dancing. 
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
You never lose by loving. You only lose by holding back.
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown
A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
When love is real, it finds a way.
Those that talk down to you are just trying to walk tall by making u feel small. Rise above
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taught if they stayed.
If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can't buy.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
Laugh on. 
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
It's not about having the skill to do something. It's about having the will, desire &; commitment to be your best. -Robert Hernandez
Great movie even better quote. 
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
Once the game is over, the king &; the pawn go back in the same box. -Italian Proverb
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
Love him who least deserves it.
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
Nothing looks better on you. 
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
I am so lucky.  Do you agree? 
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
God loves you more in a moment than anyone could in a lifetime.
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
It's not enough to be compassionate, you must act.
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. 
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
You are in charge of how you feel.
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks
Love is always a demonstration - not just a set of words or a feeling.
Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
Don't hate what you don't understand.
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
You really do :) 
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Our experiences shape us.  Appreciate them, for you wouldn't be the person you are without them. 
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. - Lou Holtz
My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
Do more for the world than it does for you.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. -Vincent Van Gogh
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. -Proverbs 4:23
Faith in God includes faith in His timing.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed.
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
Treat people like mirrors &; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
Pick wisely. 
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Things turn out best for those who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Learn to give without any reason.
Remember this. 
The moment you're ready to quit is usually the moment right before the miracle happens.
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Love without limits.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &; actions
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm &; constant. -Socrates
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Love the unloved.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
It's better to give then receive. 
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Positivity is a choice.
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
Be PROUD of who you are, and everything you've overcome. 
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
Stop running to those who ignore you and start running to those who adore you. - Joseph Simmons
Christmas mode on! :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
Even when you're afraid, keep trusting. -Psalm 56:3
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
The real measure of our wealth is how much we'd be worth if we lost all our money. -Jowett
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
Danger 4 most of us lies not in setting our aim too high &; falling short; but in setting our aim 2 low &;achieving our mark. -Michaelangelo
Money is the wealthy man's curtain which hides all his defects from the world.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
Happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions. #foodforthought
What worries you masters you.
Don't be pushed around by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Do small things with great love.
Live in the moment. 
Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
Be a voice, not an echo.
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
Sometimes the thing we can't change end up changing us.
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Great relationships aren't built in a day - great relationships are built daily.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Enjoy :) 
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
Stop wishing for it and start working for it.
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
Choose a good one. 
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Things that you enjoy are never a waste of time, everything else is suspect. 
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Fall seven times, stand up eight. 
Do what is right, not what is easy.
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. - James R. Cook
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
You are good enough.
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
Your struggle is part of your story.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.
Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile.
Know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent. - Mark Crow
Great point 
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Albright
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. -Abraham Maslow
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. -Tom Hanks
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be a part of.
Looking back, makes you smart. 
Looking forward, makes you mature. 
Looking down, makes you wise. 
Looking UP, makes you strong.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Don't miss amazing Cyber Monday Sales!!

SAVE 64% ON THIS SILVER NAIL RING!

Get it here --&gt; 
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
LOL 
Success isn't something that just happens - success is learned, success is practiced and then it is shared. -Sparky Anderson
Sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
By leaving behind ur old self &; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
So True… 
You can't base your life on other people's expectations. -Stevie Wonder
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. -Shania Twain
You become like the 5 people you spend most of your time with. #choosewisely
It's never to late to start again 
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
Don't wait for it to happen, go make it happen.
Never lose hope. Never lose faith.
Silence says a lot more than you think.
Do the best you can with what you have.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
Color outside the lines. 
Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. -Betty Smith
What lies behind us &; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living w/ regrets.
Be positive, patient and persistent.
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
If you're brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won.
Ignore the fear and push on. 
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
Be true to yourself, because there are only a few people that will stay true to you,
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
You are where you're supposed to be at this very moment. Every experience is part of God's divine plan.
You can't change what's going on around you until you start changing what's going on within you. 
You are loved.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan for you.
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
A TRUE friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas over &; over again.
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. -Lou Holtz
Be thankful for where you are. 
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel
Love, there is nothing stronger. 
I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do. 
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Everything God says is true &; it's a shield for all who come to him for safety. -Proverbs 30:5
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. -Mark Twain
Talking to your BEST FRIEND is sometimes all the therapy you need...
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
Turn your cant's into cans and your dreams into plans.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann von Goethe
Very true. 
We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
Fill your mind with truth, your heart with love, your life with service.
Bitterness is like drinking poison &; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
We all need love. 
Let your dreams stay big and your worries stay small.
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. -Hugh Downs
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. - Helen Keller
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
Live a life you are proud of.
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
People will forget what U said, people will forget what U did, but people will never forget how U made them feel -Maya Angelou
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
Be who you are. 
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. -Betty Bender
Where God guides He provides.
We were born to succeed, not to fail. - Henry David Thoreau
sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. -Winnie the Pooh
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
If you want something different You Gotta do something different. - Nathaniel Williams
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
You will never regret the times when put others before yourself. 
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
Always have hope. 
Tell the truth or someone will tell it for you. - Stephanie Klein
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
Don't confuse coincidence with the will of God.
This is my new favorite quote. 
It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. -Muhammad Ali
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. -J. Petit Senn
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
Well behaved women seldom make history.
You've got this!! 
God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.
Lord, lead me so I can lead others.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Don't follow your dreams - chase them.
How would you call it? :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Everyone Dies. But not everyone really lives.
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, &; You are the music -unknown
I love people who make me smile.
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #gratitude
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. -Swedish Proverb
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
me too :) 
Do everything in love.
As a dog goes back to its vomit, so a fool repeats his stupidity. -Proverbs 26:11
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
We could never learn to be brave &; patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller
Never give up on a dream because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Our live are full of moments. Enjoy them. 
Don't look back - you're not going that way.
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of your heart. - Mort Walker
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &; expect to win.
Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Whether you think you're ready or not, just start right now.  There is magic in action
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
Live is to short to take it seriously. 
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. -Henry Ford
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &; remind yourself that we are all loved &; connected.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
Thankfulness is the beginning of happiness.
So important 
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Look at your problems as problems &; they'll continue to hold you down. See them as blessings in disguise &; that's what they truly become.
Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
A daughter is one of the most BEAUTIFUL gifts this world has to give. -Laurel Atherton
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
In all your ways acknowledge him, &; he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
Perfection is not of the world. Do your best and forget the rest. 
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
Twinkle Twinkle. 
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
Truth above all else. 
Good vibes only :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. 
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
Look for the good in each day. 
Don't brag about yourself let others praise you. -Proverbs 27:2
Count your blessings and give thanks to the Lord God.
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. -Connie Stevens
Pray as if it's up to God, work as if it's up to you.
Count your blessings.
Imagine the possibilities. 
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
I'd rather have a life of 'OH WELLS' than a life of 'WHAT IFS.'
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
Today, be the reason someone feels loved.
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long. - Hayley Williams
Don't ever let anyone steal your dreams.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
The best advice I've ever heard. 
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
Nothing could be better :) 
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
I choose to be happy today. 
The days you are most uncomfortable are the days you learn the most about yourself. - Mary L. Bean
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
It's okay to cry. Just keep going.
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
We all fall, pick yourself up and start a new. 
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
Don't jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw. -Proverbs 25:8
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
Have faith, relax, and give it your best. 
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &; hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
Rest is the Best! ;)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Live bold. 
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Gratitude: recognize the good in your life.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Better to remain silent &; be thought a fool that to speak &; remove all doubt. -English proverbs
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
Do it with passion or not at all. 
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
Live your life with no regret. 
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best. - Tim Duncan
Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end. 
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. -R Pausch
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
God's plans for your life exceed the circumstances of your day.
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
May you always do what you are afraid to do.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. - John D. Rockefeller
Look for the good in every moment. 
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &; go for it.
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
Hope is the only thing stronger then fear. 
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
Learn from it. 
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
It is better to look ahead &; prepare than to look back &; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
True.. 
Give more, expect less.
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -Michael Jordan
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. #truth
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
Sending… :) 
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Love is a verb.
Love &; kindness move mountains.
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want. - Richard D. Rosen
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you. #commitment
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
You were born to make an impact.
If you can't do great big things, do great little things.
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
It's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
We all do :) 
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
Your passion is priceless. Never stop the pursuit. 
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
Remind yourself, it's OK not to be perfect. 
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Churchill
How you make others feel about themselves, says a lot about you.
We just love Autumn! ;)

You? Get this tee here --&gt; 
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
You are blessed. 
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things.
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.
That would be a great trick :) 
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -Paul Brown
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
