:) 
"Have intense and unfailing love for one another, for love covers a multitude of sins." -1 Peter 4:8
"So do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will take care of itself." -Matthew 6:34
✔ Alive
✔ Blessed
✔ Grateful
3 Great pieces of advice. 
5 rules of a relationship:
1. Stay faithful.
2. Make them feel wanted.
3. Respect your partner.
4. Don't flirt with others.
5. Make time.
A daughter is one of the most BEAUTIFUL gifts this world has to give. -Laurel Atherton
A friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else. -Len Wein
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. -Hugh Downs
A life spent making mistakes is more honorable than a life spent doing nothing.
A lion doesn't concern himself with the opinions of a sheep.
A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, announces she never did care for pie. - Tenneva Jordan
A Mother's LOVE is WHOLE, no matter how many times DIVIDED...
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
A person often meets his destiny on the road he took to avoid it. - Jean de La Fontaine
A person who chases two rabbits catches neither. #stayfocused
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort. - Herm Albright
A secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be, and then making the best of it.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
A simple hello could lead to a million things. :)
A smile is the lighting system of the face, the cooling system of the head and the heating system of the heart.
A stumbling block to the pessimist is a stepping stone to the optimist. - Eleanor Roosevelt
A thousand disappointments in the past cannot equal the power of one positive action right now. Go ahead &; go for it.
A timeless expression, the knot bracelet signifies two people have become one, bound together by their love.

Get this bracelet here --&gt; 
A TRUE friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your own pointless dramas over &; over again.
A woman is like a tea bag: you cannot tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. -Nancy Reagan
A word of encouragement after failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success.
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. -Proverbs 4:23
Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Accept what is, let go of what was and have faith in what could be.
Action expresses priorities.
Adversity causes some men to break, and others to break records. -Unknown
After a storm always comes the calm. 
Age is no guarantee of maturity. -Lawana Blackwell
Age is of no importance unless you are a cheese.
All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
All dreams come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
All great achievements require time. - Maya Angelou
Allow yourself to be a beginner. No one starts off being excellent.
Always be kinder than you feel.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
Always have hope. 
Amen! 
An honest answer is like a kiss on the lips. -Proverbs 24:26
And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the world is unfolding as it should. -Desiderata
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured. -Mark Twain
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. -Betty Bender
Anything you truly want must be worth fighting for.
As a dog goes back to its vomit, so a fool repeats his stupidity. -Proverbs 26:11
As long as you can laugh at yourself you will never cease to be amused.
Ask yourself what is really important and then have the courage to build your life around your answer.
Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company.
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
At this very moment, life is perfect.
Bad things happen:
- Every day.
- To everyone.
The difference is in how people deal with it.
Be a blessing to someone today - Proverbs 11:25
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. -Frank Tyger
Be a voice, not an echo.
Be beautiful. 
Be brave 
Be careful with your words. Once they are said, they can only be forgiven, nor forgotten.
Be content with what you have, because God has said, "Never will I leave you; never will I forsake you." -Hebrews 13:5
Be courageous 
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. -Mother Teresa
Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything. #optimism
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation.
Be positive, patient and persistent.
Be PROUD of who you are, and everything you've overcome. 
Be selective in your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm &; constant. -Socrates
Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go.
Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
Be strong 
Be strong :) 
Be strong &; courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Be thankful for where you are. 
Be the type of person you want to meet.
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -Henry David Thoreau
Be true to yourself, because there are only a few people that will stay true to you,
Be who you are. 
Be who you were created to be and you will set the world on fire.
Be you :) 
Be yourself, everyone else is taken. 
Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity.
Beauty is about living your life &; being happy with yourself inside &; out &; not worrying about what people think of you.
Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process.
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown
Being defeated is often a temporary condition; giving up is what makes it permanent.
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Being honest may not get you a lot of FRIENDS but it'll always get you the RIGHT ONES.
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
Being powerful is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't. - Margaret Thatcher
Being rejected from something good just means you were being pointed toward something better.
Better late then never. 
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
Better to remain silent &; be thought a fool that to speak &; remove all doubt. -English proverbs
Bitterness is like drinking poison &; waiting for the other person to die. -Steve Ostten
Breakdowns can create breakthroughs.
But even when I am afraid, I keep on trusting you. -Psalm 56:3
By becoming the answer to someone's prayer, we often find the answers to our own.
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
By leaving behind ur old self &; taking a leap of faith into the unknown, u find out what u are truly capable of becoming.
Can you relate? 
Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be?
Care less, smile more.
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful.
Change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end. 
Character is how you treat those who can do nothing for you. #greatreminder
Choose a good one. 
Choose happiness. 
Choose positivity today.
Choose to look on the bright side.
Christmas Eve is sacred, it is something you would want to spend together with the people you love and care about. Let them know how much you appreciate having them in your life. Merry Christmas Eve! 
Christmas mode is already on! :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Christmas mode on! :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you.
Color outside the lines. 
Commitment means staying loyal to what you said you were going to do, long after the mood you said it in has left you. #commitment
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Conquer your bad habits or they will conquer you. - Rob Gilbert
Count your blessings and give thanks to the Lord God.
Count your blessings, not your problems.
Count your blessings.
Count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Create a life that feels good on the inside, not one that just looks good on the outside.
Danger 4 most of us lies not in setting our aim too high &; falling short; but in setting our aim 2 low &;achieving our mark. -Michaelangelo
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. - John Chambers
Deal with your problems before they deal with your happiness.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -Bill Cosby
Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most.
Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
Do all the good you can, to as many people as you can, as often as you can.
Do everything in love.
Do it with passion or not at all. 
Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again. - James R. Cook
Do more for the world than it does for you.
Do not ask God to guide your footsteps if you're not willing to move your feet.
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. - Socrates
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your future. Forgive and forget.
Do not listen with the intent to reply, but with the intent to understand. #wisdom
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Do not pray for an easy life; pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.
Do not regret growing older; it is a privilege denied to many.
Do small things with great love.
Do something now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better.
Do what is right, not what is easy.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. -Theodore Roosevelt
Do what you fear and fear disappears.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. - H. Jackson Browne
Don't be afraid to start over. It's a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
Don't be pushed around by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Don't brag about yourself let others praise you. -Proverbs 27:2
Don't cheat the world of your contribution. Give it what you've got. -Steven Pressfield
Don't compare your Chapter 1 to someone else's Chapter 20.
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
Don't confuse coincidence with the will of God.
Don't count the days, make the days count. -Muhammad Ali
Don't dream your life, live your dreams. 
Don't ever let anyone steal your dreams.
Don't fear change. You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great.
Don't follow your dreams - chase them.
Don't forget to smile. 
Don't give up. 
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. - Mark Twain
Don't go through life, grow through life. - Eric Butterworth
Don't hate what you don't understand.
Don't jump to conclusions, there may be a perfectly good explanation for what you just saw. -Proverbs 25:8
Don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
Don't let a hard lesson harden your heart.
Don't let someone dim your light simply because it's shining in their eyes.
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality
Don't let the silly little dramas of each day get you down. For you are here to do great things.
Don't look back - you're not going that way.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't control.
Don't love too soon.
Don't trust too fast.
Don't quit too early.
Don't expect too high.
Don't talk too much.
Don't make excuses for why you can't get it done. Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen.
Don't miss amazing Cyber Monday Sales!!

SAVE 64% ON THIS SILVER NAIL RING!

Get it here --&gt; 
Don't put the key to your happiness in someone else's pocket.
Don't sit back and let things happen to you. Go out and happen to things.
Don't speak unless you can improve the silence.
Don't stress. Do your best. Forget the rest.
Don't sweat the small stuff.
Don't take life to seriously :) 
Don't think outside the box. Think like there is no box
Don't wait for it to happen, go make it happen.
Never lose hope. Never lose faith.
Silence says a lot more than you think.
Do the best you can with what you have.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. -Napoleon Hill
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today. -James Dean
Dream it.
Believe it.
Achieve it.
Dream your dreams with your eyes closed, but live your dreams with your eyes open.
Drink water from your own well - share your love only with your wife. -Proverbs 5:15
Effort doesn't matter if love is left behind.
Enjoy :) 
Enjoy the journey. 
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. - Robert Brault
Even fools seem smart when they are quiet. -Proverbs 17:28
Even if it's difficult keep moving forward. 
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -Will Rogers
Even when you're afraid, keep trusting. -Psalm 56:3
Eventually all things fall into place. Until then, laugh at the confusion, live for the moments, and know everything happens for a reason.
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow - Doug Firebaugh
Every day holds the possibility of a miracle. - Elizabeth David
Every day is a NEW beginning, take a deep breath and START AGAIN.
Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day.
Every girl deserves a guy that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.
Every good thing that has happened in your life happened because something changed.
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.
Every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
Every saint has a past.
Every sinner has a future.
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. -Warren Buffet
Every scar has a story. Don't be afraid to tell it.
Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing. -Mother Teresa
Everyday. 
Everyone Dies. But not everyone really lives.
Everyone you meet has something to teach you.
Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don't.
Everything God says is true &; it's a shield for all who come to him for safety. -Proverbs 30:5
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. - Marcus Aurelius
Everything will be okay in the end. If it's not okay, it's not the end. 
Excellent thought. 
Expect the BEST. Prepare for the WORST. Forget what others THINK.
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. -Truman Capote
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
Faith in God includes faith in His timing.
Faith is not the belief that God will do what you want. It is the belief that God will do what is right.
Fake friends believe in rumors. Real friends believe in you.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. 
Fear can keep us up all night long, but faith makes one fine pillow. -Unknown
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will.
Fear not. 
Fill your mind with truth, your heart with love, your life with service.
Find someone who will change your life, not just your status.
Finish each day &; be done with it. You have done what you could. Learn from it; tomorrow is a new day. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Follow your hopes and not your fears.
For all of life's simple pleasures, I say, "Thank You, God!"
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
For everything you have lost, you have gained something else.
For I know the plans I have for you, declares the LORD, plans to prosper u &; not to harm you, plans to give you hope &; a future. -Jer 29:11
forgive others not because they deserve it but because you deserve peace. 
Forgive them even if they're not sorry.
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future.
FORTUNE FAVORS THE BOLD 
Friends are angels who lift our feet when our own wings have trouble remembering how to fly.
Girls want a guy who say I love you every night and proves it every day.
Give it your all. 
Give love away like your life depends on it.
Give more, expect less.
Give people a piece of your heart rather than your mind.
Give thanks to the LORD, for he is good; his love endures forever. -Psalm 118:29
Give up, give in, or give it all you got.
Give without remembering and always receive without forgetting.
Giving is a lifestyle.
Giving up doesn't always mean you're weak. Sometimes it means you are strong and smart enough to let go and move on.
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. -Linda Mastandrea
Go after your dreams. 
Go in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you've imagined. -Thoreau
God can turn around any situation.
God didn't bring you this far to leave you.
God doesn't give you the people you want, he gives you the people you need.
God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers.
God has a blessing with your name on it.
God let me accept the things I cant change, courage to change things I can &; the wisdom to know the difference.
God loves you more in a moment than anyone could in a lifetime.
God only gives three answers to prayer:
1. Yes!
2. Not yet.
3. I have something better in mind.
God sometimes takes us into troubled waters not to drown us, but to cleanse us.
God will wreck your plans when He sees that your plans are about to wreck you.
God's "no" is not a rejection, it's a redirection.
God's plan is bigger than your mistakes.
God's plans for your life exceed the circumstances of your day.
Good instincts tell you what to do long before your head has figured it out. - Michael Burke
Good things are right around the corner. 
Good things come to those who believe, better things come to those who are patient, and the best things come to those who don't give up.
Good things come to those who wait. But better things come to those who work for it.
Grace meets us where we are, but doesn't leave us where we are found.
Gratitude: recognize the good in your life.
GREAT ADVICE 
Great advice!!! 
Great advice!!!! 
Great advice. 
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Great movie even better quote. 
Great point 
Great point :) 
Great point. 
Great relationships aren't built in a day - great relationships are built daily.
Great reminder. 
Great spirits have always faced violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Einstein
Great thing to remember. 
Great things never came from comfort zones.
Great thought 
Great thought. 
Happiness can be found in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
Happiness cannot come from without. It must come from within. - Helen Keller
Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to other people.
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Author Unknown
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.
Happiness makes you smile; sorrow can crush you. - Proverbs 15:13
Happiness will come to you when it comes from you. Success will be yours when you choose to take responsibility for making it so.
Hate is not the first enemy of love. Fear is. It destroys your ability to trust.
Have faith and carry on. 
Have faith and push on. 
Have faith and start a new tomorrow. 
Have faith the good is just around the corner. 
Have faith, relax, and give it your best. 
Have faith, something great is waiting for you on the other side of FEAR. 
Have faith! 
Have faith. 
He who kneels before God can stand before anyone.
Hold your head up high. 
Hope anchors the soul.
Hope is the only thing stronger then fear. 
Hope... Sometimes that's all you have when you have nothing else. If you have it, you have everything.
How would you call it? :)

Get your tee here --&gt; 
How you make others feel about themselves, says a lot about you.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less.
I agree! 
I always like to look on the optimistic side of life, but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter. - Walt Disney
I am done with the past, the future has plenty of room for change.
I am in charge of how I feel and TODAY I am choosing HAPPINESS.
I am so lucky.  Do you agree? 
I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday.
I began learning long ago that those who are happiest are those who do the most for others. - Booker T. Washington
I BELIEVE IN BEING STRONG WHEN EVERYTHING SEEMS TO BE GOING WRONG. - Audrey Hepburn
I BELIEVE THAT HAPPY GIRLS ARE THE PRETTIEST GIRLS. -Audrey Hepburn
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. - Lou Holtz
I can't go back to yesterday - because I was a different person then. - Lewis Carroll
I choose to be happy today. 
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs, but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. - George Patton
I have faith that God is living out a divine plan through me. Have faith in God. - Mark 11:22
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein.
I love people who make me smile.
I love this thought. 
I love you not because I need you, I need you because I love you
I trust God with my Life... after all He gave it to me.
I used to believe that prayer changes things, but now I know that prayer changes us and we change things.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backwards.
I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It was there all the time. - Anna Freud
I will never stop caring, but if you decide to push me away, I will go.
I'd rather be a failure in something that I love than a success in something that I hate. -George Burns
I'd rather have a life of 'OH WELLS' than a life of 'WHAT IFS.'
I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done. - Lucille Ball
I'm gonna make the REST of my LIFE, the BEST of my LIFE.
I'm strong because I know my weaknesses. I'm wise because I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
If a man does his best, what else is there? -George Patton
If daily you feel a sense of gratitude for the blessings of this life it will be a cushion &; buffer when challenges arise. -Rose W-T
If God is the DJ, then Life is the dance floor; Love is the rhythm, &; You are the music -unknown
If it is important enough to you, you will find a way. If it is not, you will find an excuse.
If it wasn't hard, everyone would do it. It's the hard that makes it great. -Tom Hanks
If someone wants you, nothing will keep them away, but if they don't want you, nothing will make them stay!
If the whole world was blind, how many people would you impress?
If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
If u really want something, &; really work hard, &; take advantage of opportunities, &; never give up, u will find a way. -Jane Goodall
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison
If we really want to love we must learn how to forgive. -Mother Teresa
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome. -Michael Jordan
If you are afraid of failure you don't deserve to be successful! -Charles Barkley
If you can be anything, BE KIND. 
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
If you can't be thankful for what you have, be thankful for what you've escaped.
If you can't do great big things, do great little things.
If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world.
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes. - St. Clement
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. -Dr. Maya Angelou
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long. - Hayley Williams
If you figured it all out today, what would be the point of tomorrow? ENJOY the process of being a work in progress.
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
If you think education is expensive try ignorance. - Derek Bok
If you treat a man as he is, he will stay as he is. If you treat him as he ought to be, he will become the bigger and better man.
If you wait until you're ready, you'll be waiting the rest of your life.
If you want something different You Gotta do something different. - Nathaniel Williams
If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can't buy.
If you want to fly, you have to give up the stuff that weighs you down.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives. - Vince Lombardi
If you're always racing to the next moment, what happens to the one you're in?
If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things - you don't have enough goals. -Lou Holtz
If you're brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello.
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. -John Wooden
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. - African Proverb
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it. - John D. Rockefeller
If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it. - Jonathan Winters
Ignore the fear and push on. 
Imagine the possibilities. 
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
In all your ways acknowledge him, &; he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice.
In life you are either a passenger or a pilot, it's your choice. -Unknown
In order to be irreplaceable, one must always be different.
In order to make anything a reality, you have to dream about it first. - Adora Svitak
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take.
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King Jr.
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary. - Aaron Rose
In this life we cannot always do great things. But we can do small things with great love. -Mother Teresa
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Instead of complaining about your circumstances, get busy and create some new ones.
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different?
Isn't it ironic:
- We ignore the ones that adore us
- Adore the ones who ignore us
- Love the ones who hurt us
- Hurt the ones that love us
It always seems impossible until its done. -Nelson Mandela
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. -Vince Lombardi
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
It is better to look ahead &; prepare than to look back &; regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
It is love that makes the impossible possible.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. -George Eliot
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful. -David Rast
It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you.
It is only possible to live happily ever after on a day-to-day basis. -Margaret Bonnano
It isn't sufficient just to want - you've got to ask yourself what you are going to do to get the things you want. - Richard D. Rosen
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. -J. Petit Senn
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life. - Sister Elizabeth Kenny
It's better to be slapped by the truth than kissed with a lie.
It's better to give then receive. 
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to.
It's great to be happy, but it's even better to bring happiness to others.
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. -Shania Twain
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
It's never to late to start again 
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -Jane Fonda
It's never too late to be what you might have been.
It's not about having the skill to do something. It's about having the will, desire &; commitment to be your best. -Robert Hernandez
It's not enough to be compassionate, you must act.
It's okay to cry. Just keep going.
Judging a person doesn't define who they are, it defines who you are. 
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should.
Keep calm, you may be weak but God is strong.
Keep dreaming. 
Keep looking UP :) 
Keep moving. 
Keep smiling :) 
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. -Mother Theresa
Know this above all else, God hears and answers every one of your prayers.
Know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent. - Mark Crow
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Knowledge is knowing what to say. Wisdom is knowing whether or not to say it.
Laugh on. 
Laugh your heart out, dance in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgive &; forget, life's 2 short 2 be, living w/ regrets.
Laughter &; Love are priceless gifts, so live with passion - Laugh &; Love as much as you breathe!
Laughter is the brush that sweeps away the cobwebs of your heart. - Mort Walker
Laughter is the sound of the soul dancing. 
Leadership is not about titles, positions or flow charts; it is about one life influencing another.
Learn from it. 
Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment. - Mike Van Hoozer
Learn to give without any reason.
Learn to say 'no' to the good so you can say 'yes' to the best.
Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it.
Let love win.
Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others.
Let your dreams be bigger than your fears and your actions be louder than your words.
Let your dreams stay big and your worries stay small.
Let your past make you BETTER not BITTER.
Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile.
Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love. It will not lead you astray.
Life consists not in holding good cards, but in playing those cards you hold well.
Life does not have to be perfect to be wonderful.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you handle it.
Life is about breaking our personal limits and outgrowing ourselves to live our best lives.
Life is about laughing &; living in good &; bad times. Getting through whatever comes our way &; looking back with a smile.
Life is better when your laughing 
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely. -Unknown
Life is like photography - develop from the negatives.
Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, It is about learning to dance in the rain.
Life is to short to spend it with the wrong people. 
Life is what happens to you when you're busy making other plans. - John Lennon
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself. -Unknown
Life isn't measured by the breathes we take but the moments that take our breath away.
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Listen without defending; speak without offending.
Listening is often the only thing needed to help someone.
Live a life you are proud of.
Live bold. 
Live every day as if it's your last, embracing each experience as if it's your first.
Live in the moment. 
Live in the moment. Forget the past and don't concern yourself with the future.
Live is to short to take it seriously. 
Live like each day is your last! Love like you have never been hurt before! Sing like no one is listening! Dance like no one is watching!
Live more, complain less.
More smiles, less stress.
Less hate, more blessed.
Live simply. Love generously. Speak truthfully. Pray daily. Leave everything else to God.
Live your life and forget your age.
Live your life with no regret. 
LOL 
Look at everything as though you were seeing it either for the first or last time. -Betty Smith
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
Look at your problems as problems &; they'll continue to hold you down. See them as blessings in disguise &; that's what they truly become.
Look for something positive in each day, even if some days you have to look a little harder.
Look for the good in each day. 
Looking back, makes you smart. 
Looking forward, makes you mature. 
Looking down, makes you wise. 
Looking UP, makes you strong.
Lord, lead me so I can lead others.
Losers quit when they're tired. Winners quit when they've won.
Losing is a learning experience. It teaches you humility. It teaches you to work harder. It's also a powerful motivator. - Yogi Berra
Love &; kindness move mountains.
Love conquers all.
Love fearlessly.
Love him who least deserves it.
Love is a verb.
Love is a verb. Without action, it is merely a word.
Love is always a demonstration - not just a set of words or a feeling.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King
Love is vulnerable.
Love like there's no tomorrow, and if tomorrow comes, love again.
Love people for who they are instead of judging them for who they are not.
Love takes action.
Love the unloved.
Love this thought. 
Love this! 
Love this!!! 
Love without limits.
Love your enemies. Do good to those who hate you. Speak well of those who curse you. -Luke 6:27-28
Love, it will not betray you, dismay or enslave you. It will set you free.
Love, there is nothing stronger. 
Make it a good one. 
Make the rest of your life the best of your life.
Make your life a story worth telling!

Get this tee here --&gt; 
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison
May you always do what you are afraid to do.
May your life preach more loudly than your lips.
me too :) 
Mediocrity will always try to drag excellence down to its level. Don't trade your superiority for their inferiority.
Men are disturbed not by the things that happen, but by their opinion of the things that happen. - Epictetus
Million dollar ideas are a dime a dozen. The determination to see the idea through is what's priceless. -Robert Dieffenbach
Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
Mistakes are proof that you're trying.
Money is the wealthy man's curtain which hides all his defects from the world.
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting. #truth
Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. -William James
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. 
My kids are my heart and soul. They will always be my babies, even when they grow old.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark. Professionals built the Titanic.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. - Helen Keller
Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life..
Never give up on a dream because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen everyday.
Never give up on the things that make you smile.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved. -Barbra Johnson
Never let go of your dreams. 
Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have. #gratitude
Never let your fear decide your future.
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Ninety-nine percent of the failures comes from people who have the habit of making excuses. -George W. Carve
No act of kindness, no matter how small is ever wasted.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. -Aesop
No color, no religion, no nationality should come between us, we are all children of God. - Mother Teresa
No matter how far you have gone on the wrong road, you can still turn around.
No matter how long you have traveled in the wrong direction, you can always turn around.
No matter how tough life gets, never give up! 
No matter what comes up in my life, I know that 'This too, will pass'.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is.
No one has ever made himself great by showing how small someone else is. - Irvin Himmel
Nobody has everything but everybody has something.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy. -Anonymous
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. -Lucille Ball
Nothing could be better :) 
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. - Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
Nothing is ever wrong. We learn from every step we take. Whatever you did today was the way it was meant to be. Be proud of you
Nothing is impossible. 
Nothing looks better on you. 
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. -Connie Stevens
Nothing's more fun than doing what people say you can't do!
Once the game is over, the king &; the pawn go back in the same box. -Italian Proverb
Once you've accepted your flaws no one can use them against you.
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
One of my favorite quotes. 
One of my favorites. 
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. -Levi Strauss
One small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. - Pablo Picasso
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly. - Robert F. Kennedy
Only two ways to live life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein
Opportunity follows struggle. It follows effort. It follows hard work. It doesn't come before.
Opportunity may knock only once, but temptation leans on the doorbell.
Our experiences shape us.  Appreciate them, for you wouldn't be the person you are without them. 
Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.
Our live are full of moments. Enjoy them. 
Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. - Martin Luther King
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit.
Pain is real. But so is hope.
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass you by.
Patience is not the ability to wait, but how you act while you're waiting.
Peace is not the absense of trouble, but the presence of Christ.
People of accomplishment rarely sat back &; let things happen to them. They went out &; happened to things.  Leonardo Da Vinci
People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours.
People will forget what U said, people will forget what U did, but people will never forget how U made them feel -Maya Angelou
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. -Vince Lombardi
Perfection is not of the world. Do your best and forget the rest. 
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another. - Walter Elliott
Pick wisely. 
Positivity is a choice.
Pray as if it's up to God, work as if it's up to you.
Pray hardest when it is hardest to pray.
Pray more, worry less.
Pray, forgive yourself, appreciate others, listen to your gut, do things you enjoy, &; remind yourself that we are all loved &; connected.
Prayer in action is love, and love in action is service.
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate.
Prove yourself to yourself not others.
Quality means doing it right when no one is looking. - Henry Ford
Raise your words, not your voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder.
Reality is a product of our dreams, decisions &; actions
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Remember this. 
Remember, the greatest failure is not to try.
Remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
Remind yourself, it's OK not to be perfect. 
Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer grows you.
See the good in every moment. 
Seek respect, not attention. It lasts longer.
Sending… :) 
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
Smile, even if it's fake. Laugh, even if you hurt. Don't let anyone get to you, you're beautiful regardless of what anyone says to you.
Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain.
So important 
So true, everyone should be reminded of this. 
So true!!! 
So true. 
So True… 
So, I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe, that you have received it, &; it will be yours. -Mark 11:24
Some days you just have to create your own sunshine.
Some people pass through our lives in a shorter time frame than we had hoped to teach us things they never could have taught if they stayed.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
Someone else is happy with less than you have.
Someone is praying for the things you take for granted.
Sometimes God calms the storm, but sometimes God lets the storm rage and calms his child.
Sometimes God doesn't change your situation because He's trying to change your heart.
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together.
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
Sometimes it takes sadness to know happiness, noise to appreciate silence and absence to value presence.
Sometimes the smallest act of love can take up the biggest space in someone's heart.
sometimes the smallest things take up the most room in your heart. -Winnie the Pooh
Sometimes the thing we can't change end up changing us.
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
Sometimes we expect more from others because we'd be willing to do that much for them.
Sometimes what you're most afraid of doing is the very thing that will set you free.
Sometimes you find yourself in the middle of nowhere, and sometimes in the middle of nowhere, you find yourself.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be a part of.
Sometimes you gotta create what you want to be part of. -Geri Weitzman
Sometimes you gotta fall before you fly.
Sometimes you have to forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next.
Sometimes you have to get knocked down lower than you've ever been, to stand up taller than you than you ever were.
Sometimes you have to lose the battle to win the war.
Sometimes you have to walk away from what you want to find what you deserve.
Sometimes you may feel God is hard on you &; doesn't love you... Truth is He Loves you to much to leave you the way you are.
Stars can't shine without darkness.
Start with yourself ;)

Get this tee here --&gt; 
Step through new doors. The majority of the time there's something fantastic on the other side.
Stop cursing the darkness and light some candles.
Stop running to those who ignore you and start running to those who adore you. - Joseph Simmons
Stop saying "I wish" and start saying "I will".
Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
Stop wishing for it and start working for it.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Success is not permanent &; failure is not fatal. -Mike Ditka
Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being. -John Wooden
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Success isn't something that just happens - success is learned, success is practiced and then it is shared. -Sparky Anderson
Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. - Conrad Hilton
Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose. - G.K. Nielson
Successful people know the difference between patience &; procrastination.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.
Surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you, not the stress in you.
Take control of your emotions before emotions take control of you...
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. -Tyra Banks
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
Talking about our problems is our greatest addiction. Break the habit. Talk about your joys.
Talking to your BEST FRIEND is sometimes all the therapy you need...
Tell someone they matter.
Tell the truth or someone will tell it for you. - Stephanie Klein
Thank God for your life tonight. For your health, your family, or your home. Many people don't have these things.
Thank you Lord! 
Thank you Robin. 
Thank your past for all the lessons, and move on.
Thankfulness is the beginning of happiness.
That would be a great trick :) 
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
The art of being wise is knowing what to overlook. -William James
The best &; most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart. -Helen Keller
The best advice I've ever heard. 
The best pieces of advice. 
The best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time.
The best time to start was yesterday. The next best time is now. 
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
The brick walls aren't there to keep us out, the brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something. -R Pausch
The days you are most uncomfortable are the days you learn the most about yourself. - Mary L. Bean
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
The expert in anything was once a beginner.
The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
The greatest act of faith some days is to simply get up and face another day.
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Nelson Mandela
The greatest mistake we make is living in constant fear that we will make one.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they make the best of everything.
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything but they make the most of everything.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
The harder I work, the luckier I get. -Samuel Goldwyn
The Highs and Lows ring symbolizes the fact that no matter what ups or downs come our way, God is bigger than it all and His presence remains constant!

Get this ring here --&gt; 
The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life - mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical. - Julius Erving
The less you know, the more you believe. -Bono
The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who can't read them. - Mark Twain
The meaning of life is to give life a meaning.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
The mind is everything; what you think, you become.
The moment you give up is the moment you let someone else win.
The moment you're ready to quit is usually the moment right before the miracle happens.
The more I think of it, the more I realize there are no answers. Life is to be lived. - Marilyn Monroe
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart.
The most reliable way to predict the future is to create it.
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do. 
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
The only person you should strive to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
The purpose of life is to live a life of purpose.
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
The real friendship is like fluorescence, it shines better when everything has darken. -Rabindranath Tagore
The real measure of our wealth is how much we'd be worth if we lost all our money. -Jowett
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least. - Unknown
The secret of success is to be ready when your opportunity comes. - Benjamin Disraeli
The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention. -John Burroughs
The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King Jr.
The tragedy in life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. - Benjamin Mays
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. -Gloria Steinem
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. #truth
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
The way we choose to see the world creates the world we see. - Barry Neil Kaufman
The world is but a canvas to the imagination. -Henry David Thoreau
The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything.
The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth.
There are blessings every day. Find them. Create them. Treasure them.
There are no shortcuts to any place worth going.
There is beauty in simplicity.
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. -Maya Angelou
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience. -French proverb
There is nothing better :) 
There is nothing more powerful then someone who has faith and a mission. 
There is only one rule for being a good talker -- learn to listen.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
Things that you enjoy are never a waste of time, everything else is suspect. 
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -John Wooden
Things turn out best for those who make the best out of the way things turn out.
Things worth having are worth waiting for.
This is my new favorite quote. 
Those that talk down to you are just trying to walk tall by making u feel small. Rise above
Those who are hardest to love need it the most.
Those who follow the crowd usually get lost in it.
Those who move forward with a happy spirit will find that things always work out.
Time changes everything. 
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted. -John Lennon
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. -Muhammad Ali
To be old &; wise, you must first have to be young &; stupid.
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it.
To pray is to let go and let God take over. -Phil. 4:6-7
To the man who only has a hammer, everything he encounters begins to look like a nail. -Abraham Maslow
To think is easy. To act is hard. But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking. - Johann von Goethe
To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are.
Today is another chance to get it right.
TODAY will never come again... Be a blessing. Be a friend. TAKE TIME TO CARE.
Today, be the reason someone feels loved.
Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people they don't like. -Will Smith
Train your mind to see the good in everything.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your gold and good health have vanished. - Og Mandino
Treat people like mirrors &; watch how you reflect in their eyes. -Nnamdi G. Osuagwu
True bravery is doing what is right even when it's not popular. 
True!! 
True. 
True.. 
Trust before you love.
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate before you regret.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart &; lean not on your own understanding. -Proverbs 3:5
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair. 
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. -Golda Meir
Truth above all else. 
Truth is not diminished by the number of people who believe it.
Turn your cant's into cans and your dreams into plans.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
Twinkle Twinkle. 
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
Use your eyes to see the needs, and use your talents to meet them.
Very true. 
Very very true. 
We all at certain times in our lives find ourselves broken. True strength is found in picking up the pieces.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
We all do :) 
We all fall, pick yourself up and start a new. 
We all have difficult days, have faith. 
We all need love. 
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
We are all lying in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world.
We can complain because roses have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses.
We can't become what we need to be by remaining what we are.
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. -Max De Pree
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
We could never learn to be brave &; patient, if there were only joys in the world. -Helen Keller
We don't stop dreaming and exploring because we grow old. We grow old because we stop dreaming and exploring.
We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
We either win or we learn. 
We lose ourselves in the things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
We plan the way we want to live, but only God makes us able to live it. It Pays to Take Life Seriously -Proverbs 16:9
We rise by lifting others. 
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have, but of appreciating what we do have.
We tend to judge others by their behavior, and ourselves by our intentions. #foodforthought
We were born to succeed, not to fail. - Henry David Thoreau
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
Well behaved women seldom make history.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
What if you woke up today with only the things you thanked God for yesterday?
What lies behind us &; what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
What we are is God's gift to us.  What we become is our gift to God.  -Eleanor Powell
What we see depends mainly on what we look for. #perspective
What will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
What worries you masters you.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. -Vincent Van Gogh
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
What you do matters, but why you do it matters so much more.
What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What you will allow is what will continue.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. -Henry Ford
When I let go of what's not meant to be, I clear a path for good stuff to find me!
When love is real, it finds a way.
When someone else's happiness is your happiness, that's love.
When things aren't adding up in your life, start subtracting.
When we put God first, all other things fall into place. 
When you do something out of love, you don't count the cost.
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot &; hang on. -Franklin D. Roosevelt
When you lose something, don't think of it as a loss; accept it as the gift that gets you on the path you were meant to travel on.
When you love what you have, you have everything you need.
When you make a commitment, you build hope. When you keep it, you build trust.
When you say yes to others, make sure you are not saying no to yourself.
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you.
When you talk, you are repeating what you already know. But if you listen, you may learn something new.
When you truly believe in what you are doing, it shows. And it pays. Winners in life are those who are excited about where they're going.
When you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -Paul Brown
When your mind says give up, hope whispers one more try.
Where God guides He provides.
Where you invest your love you invest your life.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Whether you think you're ready or not, just start right now.  There is magic in action
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you.
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Why try and be fake when being real takes less effort?
Wise men are not always silent, but they know when to be.
With every rising of the sun, think of your life as just begun. -Unknown
Without Dreams
We reach nothing.
Without Love
We feel nothing.
Without God
We are nothing.
Without dreams, we reach nothing. Without love, we feel nothing. And without God, we are nothing.
Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Words to live by. 
Work hard in silence; let success make the noise.
Work like you don't need money, love like you've never been hurt, and dance like no one's watching. -Unknown
Worry does nothing but steal your joy and keep you very busy doing nothing.
Worry is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. -Swedish Proverb
Worrying does not take away tomorrow's troubles, it takes away today's peace.
Worrying will never change the outcome.
Yes there is!! 
You always have a place to run to, always. The place is GOD
You are beautiful. 
You are blessed. 
You are confined only by the walls you build yourself.
You are good enough.
You are in charge of how you feel.
You are loved.
You are wonderfully made.
You are beautiful.
You have purpose.
You are a masterpiece.
God has a great plan for you.
You are made to make a difference, so embrace every opportunity to do so.
You are not what has happened to you. You are what you choose to become.
You are not what you have done - you are what you have overcome.
You are valuable and irreplaceable. If you are ever told otherwise, do not believe it.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.
You are what you do, not what you say you'll do. #actionspeakslouder
You are where you're supposed to be at this very moment. Every experience is part of God's divine plan.
You are! 
You aren't wealthy until you have something money can't buy.
You become like the 5 people you spend most of your time with. #choosewisely
You become what you believe.
You can be comfortable or courageous, but you cannot be both.
You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Enthusiasm is the yeast that makes your hopes rise to the stars. -Henry Ford
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him. - James D. Miles
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
You can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remaining the way you are.
You can't base your life on other people's expectations. -Stevie Wonder
You can't build a reputation on what you're going to do. -Henry Ford
You can't change what's going on around you until you start changing what's going on within you. 
You can't fall if you don't climb, but there's no joy in living your whole life on the ground.
You can't let other people tell you who you are. You have to decide that for yourself.
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. -John Wooden
You can't live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you. -John Wooden
You can't make footprints on the sands of time by sitting on your butt... and who wants to make buttprints?
You cannot always wait for the perfect time. Sometimes you must dare to jump.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
You cannot grow unless you are willing to change.
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
You deserve a vacation :) 
You deserve it :) 
You don't have to have it all figured out to move forward.
You don't need a reason to help people.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. -Churchill
You have never really lived until you have done something for someone who can never repay you.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
You have two ears and one mouth. Follow that ratio. Listen more, talk less.
You know all those things you've always wanted to do? You should go do them.
You know you're on the right track when you become uninterested in looking back.
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
You may have not gone where you intended to go, but you will end up where you need to be.
You may not be there yet, but you're closer than you were yesterday.
You must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
You never lose by loving. You only lose by holding back.
You really do :) 
You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. -Lucille Ball
You truly are :) 
You were born to make an impact.
You were born to win, although to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, &; expect to win.
You will never change your life until you change something you do daily. - Mike Murdoch
You will never regret the times when put others before yourself. 
You'll be surprised to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it was the end.
You'll never find the RIGHT person if you never let go of the WRONG one.
You'll never leave where you are until you decide where you'd rather be.
You're never a loser until you quit trying. -Mike Ditka
You've got this!! 
Your actions and your words should always agree with each other.
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does. #walkthetalk
Your child will follow your example, not your advice.
Your failure does not define you, your determination does.
Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring.
Your passion is priceless. Never stop the pursuit. 
Your struggle is part of your story.
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Your value doesn't decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth.
